Add configurable cron expression example in scheduler guide (#5127)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/scheduler.adoc

        counter.incrementAndGet(); // <4>
    }

    @Scheduled(cron="0 15 10 * * ?") <5>
    void cronJob(ScheduledExecution execution) {
        System.out.println(execution.getScheduledFireTime());
    }

    @Scheduled(cron = "{cron.expr}") <6>
    void cronJobWithExpressionInConfig() {

>        System.out.println("Cron expression from app config triggered");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       System.out.println("Cron expression configured in application.properties");
```

(Quarkus is using 10 worker threads for the scheduler). If it is not available the method invocation should be re-scheduled by default i.e
it should be invoked as soon as possible. The invocation of the scheduled method does not depend on the status or result of the previous invocation.
4. The code is pretty straightforward. Every 10 seconds, the counter is incremented.

> 5. Define a job with a cron-like expressions. The syntax is currently based on Quartz Cron Trigger. The annotated method is executed at 10:15am every day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Define a job with a cron-like expression. The syntax is currently based on Quartz Cron Trigger. The annotated method is executed at 10:15am every day.
```
Maybe we could add a link to the Quartz documentation?

Author: Done

> 6. Define a job with a cron-like expressions `cron.expr` defined in `application.properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Define a job with a cron-like expression `cron.expr` which is configurable in `application.properties`.
```

Author: Done

== Updating the application configuration file

Edit the `application.properties` file and add the `cron.expr` configuration:
[source,shell]
----

> cron.expr=* * * * * ?

Reviewer: Maybe make it every 5 seconds instead?

Author: Yeap, should be okay now.

In another terminal, run `curl localhost:8080/count` to check the counter value.
After a few seconds, re-run `curl localhost:8080/count` to verify the counter has been incremented.

> Observe the console to verify that the message `Cron expression from app config triggered` has been displayed indicating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe the console to verify that the message `Cron expression configured in application.properties` has been displayed indicating
```

> that cron job with a configurable expression has been triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the cron job using an expression configured in `application.properties` has been triggered.
```
